hey bladeops today we have a micro tech
knife demo and it is the date
bead blast standard it's not serrated so
product code mt1 24 7 wow I really like
the Daytona it's for me as far as an EDC
out the front this would be one of the
top of my list it is a little on the
expensive side but as far as size if
you're desiring to carrying out the
front for an EDC this could be optimum
obviously right off the bat you can see
the carbon fiber top and back side zoom
in there Daytona has the glass breaker
it's got the bead blast finish on the
clip on the button and on the blade
obviously you're getting the s30v steel
three inches pretty light for an EDC out
the front just under three ounces and
about seven a quarter inch overall but
let's talk about what you use this for
for me this is a user even though has
the carbon fiber even though it's a
little expensive just for the sheer size
fits perfectly in your hand doesn't take
up a lot of pocket real estate I mean
look at that that's how it's going to
ride in your pocket super slim and for
me and every day carry it for me
personally it's all about pocket real
estate and how much it's going to take
up so the plus is on this you got the
s30v steel zoom in there s30v steel you
got the carbon fiber the size is near
optimum I think the only drawback
becomes the cost for a user blade
obviously for a collection it's a great
addition I think with micro tech you get
what you pay for I mean even the screws
are milled differently then in the
average screw not nothin other micro
tech screws but that stands out I mean
look at the detail on this on the glass
breaker there got a great pocket clip
run out the front that's minimal play
front back side to side almost none
barely moves obviously without the front
the mechanism
you can have some out the front but let
me know you think for me this would be
number the number one choice for an out
the front EDC if you're willing to spend
the money I don't personally owned this
knife so don't think that's why I'm
coming around right now I don't have it
but I think this is a great option so I
don't you think check it out comes with
the sheath and it is the Daytona the mt
124 dash 7 and talk about some pluses
and minuses feel free to comment down
below and check out our daily knife
demos bladeops